+++
title = "2021-11-04"
author = ["System Administrator"]
tags = ["draft", "draft"]
draft = false
+++

## [5-step-analysis]({{< relref "../20220509205143-5_step_analysis.md" >}}) analysis {#5-step-analysis--dot-dot-20220509205143-5-step-analysis-dot-md--analysis}


### Goal list {#goal-list}


#### Goals {#goals}

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be a man that act.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Discover a way to code brain.

    <!--list-separator-->

    -  Being albe to study as a neuralscientist

        <!--list-separator-->

        -  Score in University

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be a great computer Hacker

    <!--list-separator-->

    -  Have great math skill

<!--list-separator-->

-  Have strong &amp; flexible body

<!--list-separator-->

-  Live with fun &amp; art

<!--list-separator-->

-  Have a good relationship

<!--list-separator-->

-  Have ability to play good jazz piano

<!--list-separator-->

-  Shoot well

<!--list-separator-->

-  Live and work in a community with communism atmosphere

<!--list-separator-->

-  Write Brilliant literature

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be a philosopher with rich knowledge and strong thinking ability

<!--list-separator-->

-  Make music

<!--list-separator-->

-  Being able to draw well

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be a great engineer

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be a brilliant visual artist

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be a bondage master

<!--list-separator-->

-  Live tidily


#### Desires {#desires}

<!--list-separator-->

-  Enjoy Art

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be cozy in place

<!--list-separator-->

-  Hangout with my friends and have fun

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be good looking

<!--list-separator-->

-  Be a sex master

<!--list-separator-->

-  Have sexual pleasure

<!--list-separator-->

-  Have good food and drinks

<!--list-separator-->

-  Have a person/symbol to rely on


#### Assosaries {#assosaries}

<!--list-separator-->

-  Make a lot of money


### Problem list {#problem-list}


#### Get distract easily {#get-distract-easily}

When doing one thing, I can easily just run into another thing and sink in itx
[Be a man that act.](#be-a-man-that-act-dot)


#### Forget about the scheme easily {#forget-about-the-scheme-easily}


#### Give up to do things easily {#give-up-to-do-things-easily}


#### Trap in media too easily {#trap-in-media-too-easily}


#### Mind not too open to accept other's opinion {#mind-not-too-open-to-accept-other-s-opinion}


#### Get lazy easily {#get-lazy-easily}


#### Have no self-discipline {#have-no-self-discipline}


#### Always doing entertaining things rather than hard things {#always-doing-entertaining-things-rather-than-hard-things}


#### Always procrastinate on exploring things I'm not familiar with {#always-procrastinate-on-exploring-things-i-m-not-familiar-with}


#### Have no good note method to have thoughts collected {#have-no-good-note-method-to-have-thoughts-collected}

Procrastination.


#### always forget to exercise in the middle of day {#always-forget-to-exercise-in-the-middle-of-day}


#### Resist hard work {#resist-hard-work}


#### DOn't read mail and posts due to laziness {#don-t-read-mail-and-posts-due-to-laziness}


#### Have no care to my relationships {#have-no-care-to-my-relationships}


#### Don't have plan on my body {#don-t-have-plan-on-my-body}


#### Too easy to fall into regular paradigm of everything {#too-easy-to-fall-into-regular-paradigm-of-everything}


#### DOn't practice writing {#don-t-practice-writing}


#### Don't practice piano nor have a plan of ultra it {#don-t-practice-piano-nor-have-a-plan-of-ultra-it}


#### Don't relate principles in doing things {#don-t-relate-principles-in-doing-things}


#### Have no principles tested working nor easy ways to find them. {#have-no-principles-tested-working-nor-easy-ways-to-find-them-dot}


#### Procrastinate everything {#procrastinate-everything}


#### Casually have no energy to do anything {#casually-have-no-energy-to-do-anything}


#### fear to communicate with others(teacher or fellow student) when left behind {#fear-to-communicate-with-others--teacher-or-fellow-student--when-left-behind}


#### Focus easy to parish {#focus-easy-to-parish}


#### Improvising everything while the passion would parish easily {#improvising-everything-while-the-passion-would-parish-easily}


#### Being unsteady {#being-unsteady}


#### Can't decide to give up which, end up giveing up everything {#can-t-decide-to-give-up-which-end-up-giveing-up-everything}


### Cause list {#cause-list}


#### Lack of Self discipline {#lack-of-self-discipline}

[Get distract easily](#get-distract-easily) and [Trap in media too easily](#trap-in-media-too-easily)


#### No framework of reminding/bring about schemes {#no-framework-of-reminding-bring-about-schemes}

[Forget about the scheme easily](#forget-about-the-scheme-easily)


#### Not commited enough into my Goals {#not-commited-enough-into-my-goals}

[Forget about the scheme easily](#forget-about-the-scheme-easily) and [Trap in media too easily](#trap-in-media-too-easily)
[DOn't practice writing](#don-t-practice-writing)
[Don't practice piano nor have a plan of ultra it](#don-t-practice-piano-nor-have-a-plan-of-ultra-it)
[fear to communicate with others(teacher or fellow student) when left behind](#fear-to-communicate-with-others--teacher-or-fellow-student--when-left-behind)


#### lack of Open-mindedness {#lack-of-open-mindedness}

[Mind not too open to accept other's opinion](#mind-not-too-open-to-accept-other-s-opinion)


#### I'm lazy {#i-m-lazy}

[Get lazy easily](#get-lazy-easily)


#### The Tendency to follow the tradition. {#the-tendency-to-follow-the-tradition-dot}

[Forget about the scheme easily](#forget-about-the-scheme-easily)
[Trap in media too easily](#trap-in-media-too-easily)
[Mind not too open to accept other's opinion](#mind-not-too-open-to-accept-other-s-opinion)
[Get lazy easily](#get-lazy-easily)


#### Afraid of unfamilliar things {#afraid-of-unfamilliar-things}

Instead of what I thought I am--a brave explorer--I'm afraid of unfamilliar things, and is sick about them.
[Always doing entertaining things rather than hard things](#always-doing-entertaining-things-rather-than-hard-things)
[Always procrastinate on exploring things I'm not familiar with](#always-procrastinate-on-exploring-things-i-m-not-familiar-with)
[fear to communicate with others(teacher or fellow student) when left behind](#fear-to-communicate-with-others--teacher-or-fellow-student--when-left-behind)


#### Mind too blind, urge and lifeless, instead of calm and outsider as it should be {#mind-too-blind-urge-and-lifeless-instead-of-calm-and-outsider-as-it-should-be}

I should be able to watch my deeds from out side, checking my background sound principles all the time, confirming of every movements if they converge to the principles and noting them.
[always forget to exercise in the middle of day](#always-forget-to-exercise-in-the-middle-of-day)


#### Easy Perished interest. and ignorance of the relation of the tasks to the Goals {#easy-perished-interest-dot-and-ignorance-of-the-relation-of-the-tasks-to-the-goals}

[Resist hard work](#resist-hard-work)
[Casually have no energy to do anything](#casually-have-no-energy-to-do-anything)


#### My passion of performing a strategy. {#my-passion-of-performing-a-strategy-dot}

It could be a double-edged sword.
I'm really fascinated by the idea of performing a strategy, like that in LOL, other games, reading novels(click to next page), masturbating--all the stuff that I don't really know what will be the result, but I have a image of it, whether it's totally imaginary or empirical.
The idea of having a prediction of future, and act to realize it caught me.

That's also source of my interest of learning how to write every sound and paragraph I see. I want to be able to make everything I senced. That's what I say when I refer to [Artist]({{< relref "../main/20211008134350-artist.md" >}}) and [Engineer]({{< relref "../main/20211102001428-engineer.md" >}}).

This relationship is worth examine and use.

also, it contributes to my resistence to things I'm not familiar with, with no paradigm or principle to follow.

[Always doing entertaining things rather than hard things](#always-doing-entertaining-things-rather-than-hard-things)
[DOn't read mail and posts due to laziness](#don-t-read-mail-and-posts-due-to-laziness)
[Casually have no energy to do anything](#casually-have-no-energy-to-do-anything)


#### Little care of what's being done &amp; Genius worship {#little-care-of-what-s-being-done-and-genius-worship}

I have little care of my work and deeds, the things I figured out.

That's the cause of myself not reviewing or practicing anything or acting with my principles.

Such might trace back to my [Genius worship]({{< relref "../main/20211107233555-genius_worship.md" >}}).

I think that all things happened to me will stick forever, because I'm a genius. Same worship to muscle memory also exist, that I should practice something to muscle memory and it sticks forever.

Truth is the odd of it happening second time is the odd they have happened before: 1 time in 18 years, or 10 times in a week. This is a usage of the tradition.

Meanwhile, such worship also stands for my almightiness, that I could finish everything within a tap.

Truth is that I could do anything but not everything. Time is never enough, and is critical.


#### Too much concern on the way others see me--Low self-esteem {#too-much-concern-on-the-way-others-see-me-low-self-esteem}

low self-esteem seem to be a major cause.
I don't want others look down on me, don't want them think me as a lazy, stupid, unprofesstional, ignorant, foolish kid, though I really am one.

I fear the true nature of myself, while worshiping beatiful characteristics, like 007's professional skills and style, like being on principles. I convince myself that these natures are all inside me in the distance of one call.

It's true that they are one call far. But if I don't call, they won't be present, due to the distance, and the reality of my true nature. I know the strategy and the image, but not the reality. I hate this reality, so I'm not looking it.

I should not be caring of others opinions about me. These are going to change anyway, my goals, on the other hand, would stick. I now know the strategy. I'm dying to see the image.

[fear to communicate with others(teacher or fellow student) when left behind](#fear-to-communicate-with-others--teacher-or-fellow-student--when-left-behind)


#### Focus too nervous {#focus-too-nervous}

Could be due to [Too much concern on the way others see me--Low self-esteem](#too-much-concern-on-the-way-others-see-me-low-self-esteem).
I'm easy to get nervous instead of excited and relax.

The examples is the tension on my forehead. Such tension will come up when ever I want to focus, especially when reading not familiar texts like English or Math, or Academic things.

I'm forced to raise my forhead tension, reading out, getting nervous on not familiar things. New songs could be another example. I could do much more dynamic and steady flow on an old song of mine but only squeezed scream on new songs.

Gotta be relaxed. especially for focus.

[Focus easy to parish](#focus-easy-to-parish)
[Improvising everything while the passion would parish easily](#improvising-everything-while-the-passion-would-parish-easily)


#### Imcapablity to give up {#imcapablity-to-give-up}

I can't give up anything.

Things become valuable when I reexamine them and throw out some.


### Solution {#solution}


#### Review {#review}

<!--list-separator-->

-  Good things

    -   I have immplemented [Emacs]({{< relref "../main/20211012152715-emacs.md" >}}) along with org-mode and org-roam for my note-taking
    -   I have being using principles and machines as main percpectives of my life and planning
    -   I have decided my Goals.
    -   I have set up my mind for a grind with strategy to my goals. to step in to mystery

<!--list-separator-->

-  Going through

    -   Several major crash on life machine
        The whole life stop working and I have done nothing except basic living need.
    -   some moment that the machine works.. no , not that have happened.
    -   abondon the whole structure at least 3 times:(paper, roam, obsidian)
    -   Going to shoot for 1 month. 5 times back to Suzhou.
    -   2 whole semester of inactive learning
    -   a successful math exam and spanish exam preparation using Anki
    -   Some serious coursework disaster due to mismanagement.
    -   Complete blind in path to my goals.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Bad things

    -   Messed up my first girlfriend and second one
    -   Trying to be a mentor of everyone around me, telling them something they don't need and I don't understand.
    -   Missing lots of opportunities either too late to find out or too lazy to participate
    -   Spending lots of time on desires with no contribution to my goals while messed up my feelings afterwards
    -   Forgetting and not connectting to my friends for long long time.
    -   Staying up too late and completely messed up my schedules
    -   Missing too much courses that start to think that can not go to them, for its useless and I can't understand with the gap.


#### Future {#future}

<!--list-separator-->

-  start

    -   Building relationship for my goals
        -   with knowledgable people
        -   with cooperators
    -   Be more Open-mindedn
    -   Seizing every opportunity to my goals, with priorities
    -   Do whatever it take to score in University
    -   Start reseach now a Pathaway to my endpoint state of discovering ways to code brain
    -   Establish exercise schedule with track and process standard, always asking what to do next.
    -   A complete task management system with handy queries
    -   Always have my place clean and artful
    -   Establish machine to bring about my Principles
    -   Do everything with image and strategy/principle in mind and log
    -   Establish note-taking system for revision purpose
    -   Have a place to hold all my golden statments of belief and principles
    -   Start learning and prepare for university works now
    -   Start learning coding and algorithm and math now


#### Machine-modifications {#machine-modifications}

<!--list-separator-->

-  General task doing machine

    Establish general step, rules and principles for tasks.
    e.g: Calm awareness during tasks. focus fall on the behind of head. Stay outsider and evaluating what's being done. I'm the genius of my own.

    maybe a focus submachine

    Coorperate with general scheme

    Add relating tasks to goals step

    Add strategy/principle indication and image step. That could open up my passion to see the result. Add log step.

    Add brief review of privious work step. Summary privious works.

    add Process controal submachine

    Incooperate little exercise to warm body and releae tension to keep productivity

    Add Improvisation part. Add strategy/principle check step, to search for available strategy/principle to use in improvisation. Add recording of casual found of strategy/principle for improvisation

<!--list-separator-->

-  Scheme machine

    categorize/navigate Ways to do schemes. weekly plan/project plan/ultra project/...

    A socket to check scheme every needed time

    ensure all tasks looks not hard. break hard works down in the scheme session

    A regular review of all things been done, in process and future scheme.
    Keep track with my CV

<!--list-separator-->

-  Media control machine

    Goal related media control machine to restrict research in focused area and moderate the desire part of media consumption

<!--list-separator-->

-  Lazy Button machine

    A button to evac me from lazy-mode into either relax/rest/regenerate-mode or exciting/interested-mode

    Could have multiple solutions like inspiration(from golden statements and storys) or goals or strategies

<!--list-separator-->

-  Advising machine

    How to seek advise and accept advices with open-mindness and conscious judgement.

    Add communication with peers and mentors part. Add ways and functions to communicate with them. Add awareness: self-esteem and reality ([Too much concern on the way others see me--Low self-esteem](#too-much-concern-on-the-way-others-see-me-low-self-esteem))

<!--list-separator-->

-  Tasks management machine

    Should make the tasks more concrete and limited and clear.
    State strategy/principle
    add State out the relation of the tasks to the goals and result image/not doing image

    Add queries index.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Entertainment Control machine

    Add time/content restriction and reason with relation to the goals.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Exploring/Research machine

    Make clear strategies and algorithms. Better have real functions that can be used.

    Add background principle about evolution to mystery and braveness to mystery

<!--list-separator-->

-  Note taking machine

    Incooperate Journaling, Questioning, Task capture, Working notes, Learning notes/knowledge database, event agenda. make sure whenever I want to note down something, it's been taken care of automatically.

    Add log submachine [Log Machine]({{< relref "../main/20211007132712-log_machine.md" >}}). Add socket in general task doing machine

    Org-capture could be of great help. make templates

<!--list-separator-->

-  Information Updating Machine

    Include:

    -   Website RSS Feeds
    -   Blog feeds
    -   Mailbox(mail.xjtlu)
    -   Wechat groups
    -   Ebridge
    -   Learning mall
    -   Texting Inbox

    Update information on a regular time period(1d for e.g.)
    Collect information and decide what to do about it. Add decision pools and functions of the actions.

    What to do with the event messages?
    could Incooperate with [Tasks management machine](#tasks-management-machine)

    Add Opportunity Submachine for spotting and patch managing Opportunity(prioritizing, giving up, selecting, putting into project...)

<!--list-separator-->

-  Relation machine

    Relation maintainance on a time/event period. (A thought on my mind?)

    Trace contact with relations using org-capture. especially for people I don't usually remember to keep contact with.

    Keep a list of things want to talk about to talk about in a mild and continuous manner?

    Keep track of my rare relation network for my goals. Incooperate with Advise machine and Information Updating machine

<!--list-separator-->

-  Health machine

    Add eating part. Guideline for eating and nutrition. log for eating and nutrition

    Add exercise part. navigate exercise projects(machine in shape of chain or tree). Add track of exercise. Add process standard. Add asking what to do next step.

    Add Medical part. navigate body problems and medical info. Regular medical session, and appointment planning/reservation submachine.

    Add Energy control part. Experiment on energy distribution of a day and after certain event like stay up late, exercise, eating special food, large task session, .etc. Add energy recover strategies including eating chocolates or drinking waters

<!--list-separator-->

-  Mental Environment Machine

    Add Belief checking/review/record part. Keep track of beliefs and principles. Keep list of Golden statments, model storys, key concepts

    Have a regular review session.

    Add info of genius worship and low self-esteem with reality.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Skill maintain machine

    Skills have a odd point that ones cross, little effort could be made to maintain.

    Still, need regular practice to maintain skills to the current state. Add method to evaluate the state if it's changing

    Establish way to detact if the odd point is crossed.

    Add track to all skills I posses

<!--list-separator-->

-  Experiment machine

    Add socket for log machine.

    Experiment on principles.

    Add experiment flow/principle/strategies part.

    Add how to experiment and keep track of a principle's experiment.

    Add track to all principles/strategies/flow/portion/method/function in experiment. Could use tags or backlink(quoting in the experiment place).

    Add tested working principles part. maybe a standalone list(because it might be long)

<!--list-separator-->

-  Give up machine

    Add give up standard. evaluate when to give up something. Add give up routine, how to give up something, if they need some ceremony.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Refresh machine

    Add periodically reexamine of goals and roles and schemes.

    Add reexamine of machines

    Add review of machines

<!--list-separator-->

-  [Household Machine]({{< relref "../main/20211011010036-household_machine.md" >}})

    Add awareness: goal-"live artfully and with fun"

<!--list-separator-->

-  [Academic Machine]({{< relref "../main/20211011005922-academic_machine.md" >}})

    Information update.
    Add new tasks in light of the goal "score in university" and "study as a neuralscientist"

<!--list-separator-->

-  [Neuralscientist]({{< relref "../main/20211012021721-neuralscientist.md" >}}) role: becoming part

    Research for pathaway to become a Neural scientist.
    Mail professors for information.
    Add a scheme for the becoming part. Make a project machine of the becoming part afterwards.
    Add project machine of university required content learning and tracking.

<!--list-separator-->

-  [Engineer]({{< relref "../main/20211102001428-engineer.md" >}}) role: becoming part

    Add project mahcine of learning algorithm
    Add project machine of learning math(discrete)


#### ACTIVE Solution list <code>[5/26]</code> <span class="tag"><span class="agenda">agenda</span><span class="solution">solution</span></span> {#active-solution-list}

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Finish the solution list

    Translate the [Machine-modifications](#machine-modifications) part into concrete SOLUTIONs and Tasks.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Modify [General task doing machine[9/9]({{< relref "../main/20211108153719-general_task_doing_machine.md" >}})]

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  General Establishment

        Flows and principles

        -   Calm awareness during task
        -   Focus fall on behind of head
        -   Stay outsider/evaluating what's being done
        -   Genius of my own

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add Focus submachine

        Find strategy/principle in Ultralearning

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add socket for general scheme

        A place to review on the scheme of the task, and other schemes

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add relating tasks to goals step

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add strategy/principle indication and image step

        Note that it's for motivation.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add brief revew of privious work step.

        Summarize privious work on the task/scheme in 1 sentence

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add [Process Control Machine]({{< relref "../main/20211108154329-process_control_machine.md" >}}) submachine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add middle exercise step

        periodically exercise every 30 minutes.
        Set alarm/reminder for that.
        System crafter have relating content of pormordor timer

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add Improvisation part.

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add strategy/principle check step

            Clear navigate for where to find the strategy/principles

            Should be devide into categories. In devided notes.

            include:

            -   Prioritze-always. Do the most important part of the tasks first

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add recording of finding of strategy/principle for improvisation.

            Notes are Improvising Jazz, Improvising Math and such.
            Heading `InboX` is for recording. Check it periodically.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Build My Website and blog.

    Sharing and potential attention attracted make me excited.
    Community and personal record also would be benefited.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Name

        Name the website, and buy it from a cheap platform.
        I like hermanhel.github.io now

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  server

        Rent a server from GigsGigsCloud
        don't need one currently

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Implement website

        Build a node for the website.
        Check System Crafter's post on website with org-mode

        Structure of the website.
        Blogs, Concepts, Journaling...

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Write my first post.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build Scheme machine <code>[/]</code>

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add Making part

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  categorize/navigate ways to do schmes

            Weekly plan/project plan/ultra project/...

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add principle

            Easy task: make tasks look easy, clear, with wise strategy/principle.

            Small task: break hard/long task into small ones

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add Checking part

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  add A socket to check scheme conveniently.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add review part

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Navigate scheme

            Done, inprocess and future scheme.

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add tags and link speci in schemes for review purpose

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add CV track function

            My deeds recorded on website or in CV. a function for that. Add a CV node.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Build Media Control machine.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add restrict part

        part for media control in research and task doing

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Add moderate part

        part for media control for desire and pleasure.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build Lazy Button machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add modes part

        Rest-mode and exciting-mode.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add solution part

        including inpiration, goals and strategy stimulate.
        inspiration related to mental environment machine's golden statements .etc

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build Advising machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add strategy/principle part

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  For seeking

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  For accepting.

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  For evaluating

            Ray dalio have suggestion in _Principles_

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add awareness

        Self-esteem and reality

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  add communication with part

        Keep a list of people to communicate with and area.

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  peers

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  mentors

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build Tasks management machine

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span>  Build Entertainment Control machine

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Learn CPT101 content

    The  missing part in the CPT101 machine is the gap between my knowledge of the course contents and the current teaching plan.

    To Solve the problem, simply learn the contents.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Prepare for EAP121 presentation

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Write script

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Make PPT

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Practice present

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Exploring/Research machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add strategies for research.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add background principles

        evolution to mystery
        braveness to mystery

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Notetaking machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add navigation

        -   Journaling
        -   Questioning
        -   Tasks capture
        -   Working notes
        -   Learning notes/knowledge database
        -   Event agenda
        -   Shopping list

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add socket to [Log Machine]({{< relref "../main/20211007132712-log_machine.md" >}})

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add socket to General task doing machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Make Org-capture template accordingly

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Information Updating Machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add periodically update scheme

        Include:

        -   Website RSS Feeds
        -   Blog feeds
        -   Mailbox(mail.xjtlu)
        -   Wechat groups
        -   Ebridge
        -   Learning mall
        -   Texting Inbox

        Time period could vary

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add Processing to the info

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  add decision pool

            This could be log of decisions on the informations in the past.

            When I know more about the decision making in regard to the processing of information, More algorithm could be established.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add opportunity submachine

        <!--list-separator-->

        - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Patch managing opportunities

            could use org-capture

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build relation Machine

    Later. [Relation machine](#relation-machine)

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Health machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add eating Part

        Guideline for eating and nutrition. log for eating and nutrition

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add exercise part.

        navigate exercise projects(machine in shape of chain or tree). Add track of exercise. Add process standard. Add asking what to do next step.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add Medical part.

        navigate body problems and medical info. Regular medical session, and appointment planning/reservation submachine.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add Energy control part

        Experiment on energy distribution of a day and after certain event like stay up late, exercise, eating special food, large task session, .etc. Add energy recover strategies including eating chocolates or drinking waters

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build Mental Environment Machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add Belief checking/review/record part

        . Keep track of beliefs and principles. Keep list of Golden statments, model storys, key concepts

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Have a regular review session.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add info of genius worship and low self-esteem with reality.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build Skill maintain Machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Way to detact odd point

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add Track to skills

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  build experiment Machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add socket for log machine.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Experiment on principles.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add experiment flow/principle/strategies part.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add how to experiment and keep track of a principle's experiment.

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add track to all principles/strategies/flow/portion/method/function in experiment.

        Could use tags or backlink(quoting in the experiment place).

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add tested working principles part.

        maybe a standalone list(because it might be long)

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Build Give up machine and refresh Machine

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Academic Machine

    <!--list-separator-->

    - <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Apply information update machine to academic machine

<!--list-separator-->

-  NEXT Research for pathaway to become a Neural scientist.

    Mail professors for information.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add a scheme for the becoming part.

    Make a project machine of the becoming part afterwards.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add project machine of university required content learning and tracking.

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add project machine of learning algorithm

<!--list-separator-->

- <span class="org-todo todo TODO">TODO</span>  Add project machine of learning math(discrete)