+++
title = "2022-04-15"
author = ["System Administrator"]
tags = ["draft", "draft"]
draft = false
+++

## morning page {#morning-page}

I made up my mind. I'm going to take the initiative, gain control of my life.
I'll live up to my goals, to my values.

plus I draw that map very beautifully.

I'll be an amazing programmer/neuroscientist, and almost all my times have best chance of flow experiance when it's dedicated to that goal. Or jazz, painting, writing, they are similar.

I shall not see compitition in social media. It's finite game, plus jealousy is ugly, guilt is unnecessary. I play infinite games.

don't meditate when just wake up, or close to sleep. mind's already blank then.

Today, I'll listen to tutor's lab instruction with care, and do my lab practice, having a juicy result.


## Task 2 {#task-2}

使用task1的数据
使用3个分类器做分类
使用监督学习
解释分类器的比较评估
可以用:sklearn,PyTorch


#### sklearn {#sklearn}

use this


#### pytorch {#pytorch}


## Cross-validation {#cross-validation}

basically K-fold.


#### K-fold validation {#k-fold-validation}

1.  split X into [x1, x2, x3, x4]
2.  loop for every x in X
    1.  x as test, X-x as train set.
    2.  take the mean.

<!--listend-->

```python
  from sklearn.model_selection import cross_val_score
# in preprocessing seccion, have new X_tran.
  clf = MLPClassifier(solver='lbfgs', alpha=1e-5,
		    hidden_layer_sizes=(5, 2), random_state=1)
  scores = cross_val_score(clf, X_tran, y_all, cv=2)
  scores
```


## Adjusting Parameters in SKLearn {#adjusting-parameters-in-sklearn}


## Task 1 {#task-1}

It's mainly eliminating outliners.


## Notes -&gt; blog {#notes-blog}

Org made it extremely easy to have notes export to blog to be seen.
I'll make good notes, and make them good blogs, and share them with others. I would be worshipped, and helping other.


## Themes {#themes}

I like jazz and doom-one now


## `[[]]` {#dea480}

Nodes: org-node, org-roam-node in one file, org-roam-nodes in different files.
The change should be continuous. When in 1 topic, it's hard to tell what should be in a seperate org-roam-node.
The change should depend on whether the node is `large enough` to be treated as 1 independent topic.

And from the start, when and why should a node be set? `When the information a word contain is too much`
`standard deviation` is a word with too many meaning, therefore [standard deviation](#standard-deviation), and a heading(node) would be created on hit. The heading would be create at bottom as a 1st-level heading. The privious position is recorded in org-mark-ring, so when I'm finished editing that new node, I can navigate it to the right location, and...

1.  `[[]]` juicy jargons along the way
2.  after current node done...
3.  navigate to the first link(`C-c C-x C-p`)
4.  Create and edit the node
5.  Refile it to where it belong(`C-c m`)
6.  Back to the point using `org-mark-ring-goto(C-c 5)`
7.  Go to next link(`C-c C-x C-n`)
8.  Repeat step 4-7 until all links are pointing to somewhere.


## standard deviation {#standard-deviation}