+++
title = "2022-03-30"
author = ["System Administrator"]
tags = ["draft", "draft"]
draft = false
+++

## kind of latex {#kind-of-latex}

I use \\(\LaTeX\\) to write some little latex in my org files.


## Mindfulness {#mindfulness}

The choice and desire is set, without further judgement and justification, that I'm in a mood where mindfulness could make a great positive change in my life.

My mind is torn, I'm facing academic crisis, My housing is not settled, I've got a drivers license to attain, my neuroscience career far behind the track, it seem a fair amount to worry about. It doesn't worth a second claim taht I fucked up my life in the first place, or as I may say, before in time.

And then, as connected by the time continuaty, I restarted Mindfulness practice. I'll save my word for describe the feeling. but for the result, I'm calm after all.

The tutor have a word at me, that is the time, the present time that I dropped in to live to the fullest, is the perfect time. I save my justification for that. I like the belief, however, of the moment is made perfect by living it to the fullest when it's still the present.

LIVE IN THE PRESENT.

Go Back to the breath when feel down, when feel mind torn, or when feel like it.


## Learning {#learning}

I have to state it another time that I learn by `CREATing things`, not `reading`.

I learn concept by explaining it, learn method by engineering system, recording it and do according to the cheat sheet.

I learn facts by think of them, and using them in my proof/theory/description.

It's all about `I use them`. Somehow they get involved in my life. I invest on them. I interact with them in an intimacy more than a glance. I play with them, I twist them, I pick them up from the text, from other various places, trust them, question them, shout at them, smile at them, find them good or evil, finding them cool or boring. I mess with them. I kiss with them. I hug them. They are not strangers. They are not statues on the holy hall, not ever truth on the starry sky. They are just like me, to be respected, to be trust or distrust. `It's this openness and intimacy to the reallity that I gain from learning.`

I guess it can be said that it's my intimacy problem standing in the way of learning in this narrative.


## Tools and Better tools {#tools-and-better-tools}

I suggest there are better knowledge. Something General, something more powerful than that my peer and older generation know. By the power of the knowledge I am the one king of the world, and people would admire me.

There are knowledge that require other knowledge as prerequisite, and therefore larger in scale. but does that make them better knowledge?

I think it's unfair to take some random words I read on street to those that I really understanded. Once I understand the knowledges, I'll know that they are all somehow the best knowledge(for some questions). You don't say someone is a rubbish friend. You have all sorts of friend, and every of them is unique.

The General view is useless without details, the method is useless without input and output, without boundaries and selected spotlight. Things are connected, and support each other.

So `stop treating knowledge as tools and assume the existance of better tools that make the ones you have rubbish, which in that narrative, is always true`.
but `treat knowledge as friends.` Being a old-school scholar, friend of knowledge, with bookshelves of notes and record of fact and truth, isn't that more attractive compared to some socail media bragging guy who talk all day about how to utilize some knowledge to a extent out of it's control. A scholar of this kind create his own calming air, making the breakfast a pleasing journey of experiance and discovery. Where that bragging guy would eventually become very annoying. Life is not some competition, but also the reward. It's not worth it spending all the rewards to win the competition. At least in that narrative


## I get to know the stuffs. I became familiar with them. I'm a scholar. That's my core identification {#i-get-to-know-the-stuffs-dot-i-became-familiar-with-them-dot-i-m-a-scholar-dot-that-s-my-core-identification}

I'll repeat for clearification:

-   I learn by establishing intimacy with concepts, facts, and methods.
    -   for concepts, I explain and create my own ones with ref
    -   for facts, I use them in my creation and proof
    -   for methods, I construct them and practice them to create my own works.
-   I'm a scholar.
    -   I create my own calming air
    -   I treat knowledge and skill as friends and not tools.
    -   I have fun doing what I'm doing.
        Always remember to have fun.
        Not convincing self that I'm having fun, but always remember to make the thing fun.