+++
title = "2022-04-17"
author = ["System Administrator"]
tags = ["draft", "draft"]
draft = false
+++

## Good Morning! I'm going to change to Jazz Theme {#good-morning-i-m-going-to-change-to-jazz-theme}

So the red modified highlight just comes with the Jazz theme. Next time use something else


### Roger that! {#roger-that}

I always wanted to use that phrase! I used it today to my externel mentor.


### clear mind = no frown {#clear-mind-no-frown}

Relax the eye area. Keep the mind environment simple and focused.

Don't frown on unexpected or bad things, for that would bring attention to the eyes and reduce focus and calmness.


### R18 Picture make me relax -- only in small amount {#r18-picture-make-me-relax-only-in-small-amount}

I find making imitation copy of R18 Illustrates relaxing.

Partly I assume that it's an activity I'm interested in, while it also being creative and static, with all the resources at hand. It's a calming thing to do, So I do it to calm.

But the creative nature must be strong enough to retain the calming effect. When I'm skimming through a whole bunch of illustrate, the idea/focus then changed. Therefore, keep that in a small amount, like 2 illustrates, and only imitate 1 small feature, like foot, ear, booby, or light.


### org notification {#org-notification}

let org-agenda warn me of event beforehead!
solutions:

-   a tweak using terminal notification [gnu mail list](https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/emacs-orgmode/2013-02/msg00644.html)
-   a package called `org-wild-notification`
    only report `TODO` items.


## <span class="org-todo done DONE">DONE</span> Externel Mentor Meeting {#externel-mentor-meeting}

I'm kind of excited!


### Talking about... {#talking-about-dot-dot-dot}


#### Programming {#programming}

<!--list-separator-->

-  Theory is important

    It's better to read more about various theories about programming, like Knuff's AOC.

    Lots of people write code without convergence to any theories. Well, they should.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Math -&gt; Application

    Good math books contains lots of application examples.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Machine learning

    It's desending. Not very more new things coming out

<!--list-separator-->

-  programming languages

    `C` and `Java` are great, and should write them more.
    Knowing others are great, functional something

    Fullfilling some basic features, like logic, copy, and a third, I can't remember.

<!--list-separator-->

-  Trend

    -   Machine learning descending,
    -   NLP could be better,
    -   some structureal description by UCLA's professor Zhu seems promising,
    -   context specific language understanding looks cool.


#### About neuroscience {#about-neuroscience}

Could read more papers, and find out who is doing better in my field.

Neuro system is a good and not discovered enough field.


#### It's all Data structure + Algorithm {#it-s-all-data-structure-plus-algorithm}


#### Computer Science + Something {#computer-science-plus-something}

It's better to have computer science combined with a field, like:

-   Robotic
    a robot in the deep sea, how to control it, the algorithm and form of system...
-   Medicine
-   Video
-   Signal

So it's easier to find interesting things, and make creative discoveries.


#### Life and work in ... {#life-and-work-in-dot-dot-dot}

<!--list-separator-->

-  Europe &amp; New Zeland

    -   not migrant society, so isolation is inevitable.
    -   Muslims coming, so danger increasing

<!--list-separator-->

-  America

    -   migrant society, so they treat everyone like neighbour
    -   Safety differ, and some places very good, some very bad
    -   Computer jobs very easy to find
    -   California, very good.
    -   Recently, both China and America have come crazy about politics. so that's a con, but everywhere is in similar condition.
    -   If want to stay in america, better study in america. The relation in school is useful.


### I admire and respect Dr. Jun Zhang. {#i-admire-and-respect-dr-dot-jun-zhang-dot}


#### Scholarly style {#scholarly-style}

He have this calmness, scholarly style I very much want a share for myself.


## Idea! {#idea}


### Wolrds, the interfaces {#wolrds-the-interfaces}

I saw Xixi wetland. In the river, the fishes hover like in air.
There's this other world in the waters. Is this matter water so special or the interface, the boundary so delicate to divide 2 worlds?
The boat sail on the surface of both worlds. Pedals stopped on the boundary as if it marks.

River have this charm of another world in itself, so with a little manipulation, a fantasy view of worlds and their interaction could be created.

And there's so much to see and tell... air is just like water, so if there's other people sailing on the surface of air?


### Answer for and run {#answer-for-and-run}

Answer for the ordering guy, "ice or warm?" "ICE!" And run.


## Auto Publish Scheme {#auto-publish-scheme}


### Methods {#methods}


#### 1. Copy and paste {#1-dot-copy-and-paste}

cp the file to org-website project, and commit


#### 2. Sync {#2-dot-sync}

Have 1 of the fl


## Use Org-mode to write stuff. {#use-org-mode-to-write-stuff-dot}


### org-ref learning {#org-ref-learning}


#### How it works {#how-it-works}

<!--list-separator-->

-  Where the bibtex comes from?

<!--list-separator-->

-  How to use it with bibtex setup in org-mode?


#### Tutorial {#tutorial}

<!--list-separator-->

-  1. Create Bib file

    `bibliography:na.bib` in the file.

    <!--list-separator-->

    -  [solved] but clicking it don't create new file

        need a `./` on front of filename. it needs to be a path

<!--list-separator-->

-  2. add entry in bib file

    use doi link work.
    but the end "dir:" prompt is confusing to me. I don't know what it represents.


#### Notes on articles. {#notes-on-articles-dot}

<!--list-separator-->

-  1. Add into my .bib file

    I'm still thinking if I should use `neuroscience.bib` and `computerscience.bib`, or just a large `references.bib` in general.

    Either way, First find article, then get doi, use `doi-utils-add-bibtex-entry-from-doi` to insert bibtex entry.

<!--list-separator-->

-  2. Go to the note file

    again, I'm dangling on a org-roam node `papers.org` or single note single file.

    I'll chose the large file.

<!--list-separator-->

-  3. Create citation

    `org-ref-insert-link` to invoke the search prompt. search for the paper I want to read/take notes on, and `C-c C-o h` to have a heading with title of the paper.

    Yank the title before the citation

    <!--list-separator-->

    -  Sometimes it report error

        make sure that `bibtex-completion-bibliography` is not nil. org-ref use this variable to search for entry,

<!--list-separator-->

-  4. Just read the paper and take note

    this is how I made it