+++
title = "2022-03-03"
author = ["System Administrator"]
tags = ["draft", "draft"]
draft = false
+++

## What am I doing? {#what-am-i-doing}

All decisions have consequences. All actions are machines with input and output. The process I was involved in changed the world and myself in a continuous, slight, and indifferent way.

The world is not static, but quite the opposite. Yet all the presences are never rightful--they are all the same in the sense that that they all have no contribution to human race or any falculty.

That could be wrapped up with one notion:
_"Surely the world would change, just not to the shape you think you're making it, nor as pleasing as you're imaging it."_


## Skill tree {#skill-tree}

The idea of skill tree is exciting, interesting, and very easy to operate: just follow the path noted in the tree, put in time &amp; effort into the exercise, and aquire the skill, which would clearly leads to higher skills and eventually higher ability and influence.

The model is common in games. Efforts represented as points earned from tasks were used to pay for skills, thus the action is simple and trival: do the tasks, and get points, and grow stronger.


## Abstraction {#abstraction}

How I abstract learning.

Input: resource, me.
Output: a me with the understanding and facts--knowledge of both premises, result, and dependencies.

here, if I think myself as a object, which is certainly valid, because there are various states inside me to make me moving and functioning, input should be resource, and output should be non, but with side-effect that the object me modified with additional knowledge.

however, if think functionally, to get me involved, me should be as a input, and output should be a me with enhenced knowledge.


## Continuous process <span class="tag"><span class="model">model</span><span class="principle">principle</span></span> {#continuous-process}

Learning machine learning is a continuous process. It's not about lectures or labs, assignments, not about what I would do tonight, tomorrow night, what I would read. It's about what I do the `next minute`.

surely, if summarized, a night would have it's list of results. But it's not what's happening, not even close. What's happening, is I took a concept, tring to figure it out, playing with it, messing with it, just like me writing journals, watching TV shows. It's `me living with machine learning`, not go to job in the morning with machine learning resting in the work place, and back home when the work's over.

It's a `continous draft` of my understanding. I draft, and draft, and draft, not because I profit from it, though I really am, but because it's fun, and I needed it, or rather no reason at all, it's just a thing that I do. I respect draft as well as everything, for it's not invalid and very true. Nothing's not a draft, nothing's completed.


## Heat of a thread {#heat-of-a-thread}

The memory of a skill would fade if not tended well. A thread could have a property of heat, which will decrement naturaly and retain when the thread taken into process.

ac