+++
title = "Scheme machine"
author = ["System Administrator"]
draft = false
+++

## Making Scheme {#making-scheme}

Scheme are catagorized based on the target and period


### [Weekly Plan]({{< relref "20211011025228-weekly_plan.md" >}}) {#weekly-plan--20211011025228-weekly-plan-dot-md}

Weekly plans are schemes dedicated to the tasks of a week
Target: Tasks in a week
Goal:

1.  Balence between different aspects
2.  Psycho peace
3.  to have time used.

Weekly plan sessions occur once a week, typically on saturday.


### [Project plan machine]({{< relref "20211115173433-project_plan_machine.md" >}}) {#project-plan-machine--20211115173433-project-plan-machine-dot-md}

Project plans are schemes dedicated to finish a project
Target: a precise goal/game.
Goal:

1.  Archive some specific goal(like good EAP121 credit)
2.  Have time and task managed.

Project plan machine would make a Project Machine(project plan) which is a plan in machine shape. It will declare how the machine would have its parts working together to ensure the target/goal tackled.


### [Ultra Project Machine]({{< relref "20211115173803-ultra_project_machine.md" >}}) {#ultra-project-machine--20211115173803-ultra-project-machine-dot-md}

A type of project that is very dedicated, very intense.


### Day Scheduling {#day-scheduling}

Day scheduling is not exactly a plan. It is the implementation of all the promises, the project tasks, the habits, the accumulative acquisition --&gt; falling on a `hour-to-hour` basis.

A very handy tool would be `org-agenda`.

```clojure

```

1.  进入Thread,选择并标注Next tasks
2.  在完成Task后,根据Thread的时间安排建议(Scheduling Recommandation)设定下一个任务(如SPA背单词),或者下一个任务的时间.
3.  重复步骤1

可预见的,会存在:

1.  由以前的设定,预定在今天完成的任务
2.  临时决定今天完成的任务
3.  Hanging Thread

对应地,可以在当天的today file里说今天应对哪些thread,做哪些方面的事情.


#### Decided Day Scheduling Machine <span class="tag"><span class="machine">machine</span></span> {#decided-day-scheduling-machine}

1.  In morning, decide the day's tasks. Mark them NEXT.
    -   time
        no period
        with effort
        effort adds up lower than the day's all effort(8 hours).
    -   Step &amp; Resource
        1.  Previously planed
            from Threads preceding task/weekly plan/critical time...
        2.  Check Threads
            find something interesting &amp; appropriate in time.
            这里也可以有“这个session块头很大,找一天空的塞进去,然后再放一点边边角角”之类
        3.  Today's Thread
            A heading in org-roam-today file. This thread is for daily last-minute things like grab some food, go out with mom, buy vegetable something, and some unexpected things like a mp3 to hand in.
2.  In during the day, Get the NEXTs done.
    in wondering around, just log, or add to today's thread.


## Checking Scheme {#checking-scheme}


## Reviewing Scheme {#reviewing-scheme}


## Scheme list {#scheme-list}

To look for current ongoing scheme, use `(org-agenda)` and hit `d` for dashboard view. The ongoing scheme are displayed in the scheme section.

This list is maintained majorly for archive and future plan purpose.


### Archive(major) {#archive--major}


### Ongoing(minor) {#ongoing--minor}


### Future(major) {#future--major}


## Personal History {#personal-history}


### Memoir {#memoir}


### CV {#cv}