+++
title = "Daily Facts"
author = ["System Administrator"]
draft = false
+++

Some daily beliefs and facts


## Energy {#energy}


### [Hypo] 6 Hour Maximum {#hypo-6-hour-maximum}

I can maintain up to **6 Hour** of very concentrated work(i.e. effective work)


#### simple math {#simple-math}

6 Hour = 2 \* 3 Hour = 3 \* 2 Hour.
A [Dedicated Session]({{< relref "20220507150102-dedicated_session.md" >}}) typically claims 2-3 hour, so it make `2-3 Things to be done` to be the maximam of a day.

I could start 2-3 dedicated session to tweak on 2-3 different topic a day. If outside dedicated-session, I think the time would drop, but I didn't count


## Things I do {#things-i-do}


### Common Practice {#common-practice}

我看到一個藝術家講述他畫畫的經歷,其中說到一句「我喜歡畫畫,我喜歡在紙上嘗試畫出我喜歡的卡通角色,動物,嘗試那些光影和效果的技巧,我每天都這樣做,我很享受其中的過程.」

對過程的珍視,並非與結果相對,而是單純地珍視過程,享受過程.


### Befriend the environment {#befriend-the-environment}

What I do, as a [scholar]({{< relref "20211114195701-me_meta.md" >}}), is to get familiar with the ideas, facts, knowledge, skills in the field. I become a friend, rather than owner/employer to them.

In this mindset, I could:

-   escape profit-oriented mindset ruling the whole world
-   be able to do things in their own pace, rather than a "required one"
-   maintain the atmosphere around me to be open, calm, and friendly.


### Signal-Noise ratio(SNR) {#signal-noise-ratio--snr}

siganl-noise ratio matters. It matters a lot.


#### high SNR {#high-snr}

Information that is relevent and concise.

I generally want my notes, my tutorials to have a high SNR, so that I could read it smoothly, and work with it easily.


#### low SNR {#low-snr}

Information hiding in context and environment.

I generally want some descriptive art pieces of mine to have low SNR, like a delicate jazz song with harmony, or a drawing of a scene where I want to provide a journey and let the viewer find the informations for herself.


## Time {#time}


### Time does not add up. The side-effects adds up. {#time-does-not-add-up-dot-the-side-effects-adds-up-dot}

Things add up only when they are duplicable and could present in plural.
You can't save a minute for later, Time is not that kind of concept.
What you do in the time is the thing that adds up. If you make no change to the environment, then there's nothing to add up.

Compare to saving time, start early and stop lat, it's more important to:


#### Set up outcome facility {#set-up-outcome-facility}

In what stage, what should be done, creating what effect...... The thing people often refer to as a `plan`.

(like linear regression model and the mean)
Plan is a concept established with close reference to the fact that [Time does not add up. The side-effects adds up.](#time-does-not-add-up-dot-the-side-effects-adds-up-dot):

-   Need a way to make sure that side-effects are present in the process.
    a plan is the patch to check for fulfilment of `desired outcome`
-   Need a way to translate time into side-effects
    a plan is the patch to `organize time into activities`

if a plan give no information about either `outcome` or `map of time into activity`, it's no plan, but a writing with similar format to a plan script.

<!--list-separator-->

-  plan and script

    Plan is script: it specifies when what should be done.